this video is brought to you by the
intel core i7 4770k unlocked processor
if you're a speed freak added until 3500
series SSD to your Haswell system for a
truly enthusiast class experience
alright guys that's it
Corsair listens to everything that
pretty much well everything that I
thought was wrong with the original K 60
this my friends is the K 70 in one of
its configurations so we're going to
start with the things that carried over
from the K 60 which this is sort of you
can tell it in is inspired by the K 60
because you've got the replacement key
caps that have the contour so you can
find them more easily when you're not
looking at it it still has that aluminum
backplane that really makes Corsairs
keyboards not only feel extremely rigid
but also be built extremely solidly and
look extremely cool and all that good
stuff
and she started here to those here's
those key cats that come with it there
we go
it also has a wrist rest but it's
missing the little sort of you know not
stromal thing that goes with the WASD
keys so I'm not really convinced that
too many people would have used anyway
and it still has here we go anyway this
one in particular has Thierry MX red
switches a little more on that in a
moment there we go it has built-in media
keys which I think are among the best
dedicated media keys out there just
because I love volume wheels so much and
this one has like a nice just textured
metal finish to it mute as well as stop
back play pause and forward it has a
windows lock button and okay more on
this in a moment that is a backlight
control button and it still has a USB
pass-through now okay all of yeah right
so it still has 100% anti-ghosting and I
think that's pretty much it so what has
Corsair improved on the K 70 number one
all mechanical keys f1 to f12 and these
keys over here no longer had
any rubber dome key switches so the
keyboard is fully mechanical now also
check this out guys it is available hmm
with a backlight so we've got a red
backlight one right over here there we
go
that has a black finish oh yeah did I
mention it's available with different
finishes on the aluminum backplane now
which I personally think the red and
black looks absolutely gorgeous although
the classic blue and silver Corsair
mechanical keyboard thing is not a bad
thing either not only that but it is
available with a variety of key switches
now so you are no longer limited to
Cherry MX red now the ones that I have
here in front of me you can always tell
the key switches in use by simply
popping them off if they're cherry Keys
then they are going to be color coded
the type of key switch that they happen
to be I'm just going to go ahead and
show you guys the blue version here if I
can find that USB plug there we go so
you can always tell like that but there
will be versions of the keyboards
available that use other key switches so
blue and brown which we're going to call
the slick Edition and the Linus Edition
will also be available a mess is really
exciting to me because Corsairs build
quality on their keyboards is
outstanding there's almost no flex to
the things whatsoever making them well
yeah
outstanding but the only thing holding
me back in the past was the fact that
they use cherry MX Reds they have a very
unique look because the keys are
significantly higher above the first
visible part of the keyboard then you'll
see on most other keyboards and what
this does is it gives the backlight more
of an of an under glow effect that I
personally think looks absolutely
outstanding on their keyboards whether
it's in blue or red now on the back of
the keyboard you can see that we've got
a couple more options in terms of
elevating it so you can elevate it here
drop that down there's rubber feet here
you can elevate it at the back just like
that and you can attach or remove the
wrist rest at will they've got a bit of
a different system for this it's plastic
now instead of metal but it still does
feel quite strong so I'm not too worried
about it and then also at the back
you've got different bottle switches so
this should improve the compatibility of
the keyboard which I personally think is
a very positive thing and that was one
of the issues that people have with
the original k 90 and the k 60 and the
reason for that is that in order to do
things like 100% anti-ghosting or multi
key rollover over USB you have to place
them you have to play around with the
way the keyboard works a little bit and
sometimes this decreased compatibility
now with the case 70 Coursera has
managed to enable 100% anti-ghosting and
n key rollover meaning you can roll over
as many keys as you want which is very
very cool but they've implemented that
bio switch in order to improve
compatibility they've also changed some
textures so you can see the space bar
has a bit of a textured feel to it now
that looks quite different from the
older one and they have added of course
new replacement key caps so I'm going to
switch over to our red one here I'll
show you guys that one instead I'm going
to swap that USB plug there we go and
I'm going to show you how I have swapped
out the WASD keys and the 1 2 3 4 5 6
keys up at the top here the idea behind
these is if you can see the contour see
this this curved shape here between
these keys I hope you can see that if
you see the contour the idea is you
should be able to find your way back to
WASD and to the 1 2 3 4 5 6 keys without
looking more easily now the ones on the
k60 had a very rubber feel to them a
rubber finish to them that I personally
didn't find that appealing but these are
more of a hard plastic there you go and
they're much more similar feeling to the
rest of the keys on the keyboard so you
can still rely on the shape to find them
but you don't have to deal with the fact
that they have a bit of a different
texture to them which I personally found
a little bit obnoxious and I didn't I
didn't really want to use that feature
now last but not least this is the CUDA
grass of this particular keyboard it has
off low medium and high backlight levels
ok so you're not that impressed yet but
it also has this feature which I
personally think is pretty friggin cool
check that out so we have set up this
keyboard already to only have the arrow
keys windows keys not that one WASD keys
and the 1 2 3 4 5 6 keys illuminated
you can eliminate any combination of
keys that you so desire
I say I want my escape key and I want
all of these on all I have to do is hold
down this button set it up the way I
like it so you know I want like a cross
here then I hold it down again and voila
it is now set and it will remember those
settings so you can have whatever
combination of lighting that you want
and you can switch between completely
backlit and only backlit where you want
it to be very very cool thank you for
checking out my unboxing and first look
at the Corsair k70 don't forget to
subscribe - tech tips from unboxings
reviews and other computer videos let us
know in the comments under the video or
better yet in the Linus tech tips
community forum which will be linked in
the video description what'd you think
of the k70 has Corsair hit the nail on
the head this time you let us know but I
think that they actually did very very
cool stuff